Israel has this evening said it struck
an ambulance in Gaza City which it said
was being used by Hamas the health
authority which is Hamas runs says it
was part of a convoy carrying wounded
people from the besieged north to the
south of the
territory around 4 this afternoon an
ambulance outside chief of the main
hospital in Gaza was destroyed by an
Israeli aircraft in a crowded Area 13
people including bystanders were killed
and 26 injured according to the health
Ministry in
Gaza Israel said the ambulance was
carrying a Hamas terrorist cell Hamas
said the attack was Zionist Nazi
Terror thousands of Palestinian
civilians are Sheltering at chifa
hospital Israel's Army says it's a
battle Zone and they should evacuate
South more dead civilians on al- Rashid
Street one of only two roads South where
Israel says civilians must go to be
safe the BBC has located the video to a
stretch of roads 7 km Southwest of Gaza
City the man is saying oh God a little
girl woman a
girl this doctor said he was shot at by
Israelis in the same place yesterday he
says over a stretch of 1.5 km snipers
were shooting at the cars they had a
donkey C the monkey was cut to Pieces
along with the cart and everyone on
it this is Ibrahim assalia a British
doctor stranded without power with his
family in Northern
Gaza Dr Ralia from North London was told
by the foreign office only to risk the
Coast Road in un or Aid agency cars it
it's catastrophic here you know I see
science fiction moving I never imagined
that science fiction can be real here
like the movie like the under dream
what's going on it's beyond
imagination Anthony blink the US
Secretary of State returned hoping to
ease the pressure on gaza's
civilians good afternoon
everyone we
are absolutely
focused on getting hostages back and
getting them back to their families in
safety and we believe that among other
things uh a humanitarian pause could uh
help that effort but after their meeting
prime minister Netanyahu said there
would be no Seas fires until Hamas
released its
hostages in Beirut lebanon's Capital
supporters of the Iranian back militia
hisb rallied to hear their leader Hassan
nasrala repeat threats that the war
might
spread the concern he said is that this
front might tumble into a wider War it's
a real possibility and the enemy should
make every
allowance back in Gaza this is what's
left of magazi refugee camp it's in the
South where Israel is telling
Palestinian civilians to go to escape
danger but there are only bad options at
the moment for gaza's endangered people
and diplomats who want to stop this war
escalating Jeremy bone BBC News
Jerusalem as we heard there the leader
of Iranian backed Hezbollah in Lebanon
has broken his silence on the war our
senior International correspondent Ola
garan is in Beirut for us now and Ola
what's your assessment of what Hassan
nazrah had to
say well you know Rita we flew in here
this morning and there was a real sense
of many in the city holding their breath
a lot of the streets were quiet some
businesses were closed some of the
schools closed early and people here
wanted to know what Hassan azraa was
going to say but it wasn't only his
supporters here at a rally in Beirut
that were hanging on his every word it
was officials in Tel Aviv it was
officials in the white house because the
big concern has been would the
bloodletting of the past month produce a
wider regional conflict now in the event
we got a lot of fiery rhetoric uh from
the Hezbollah leader a lot of
denunciations of America and Israel we
did not get any kind of explicit allout
declaration of war against Israel he
said all options were on the table he
said the risk of a wider regional
conflict remained But he sounded almost
defensive when he was describing what
hasbullah has done so far it has been
carrying out crossborder attacks tying
up Israeli forces On the Border using
artillery using drones he said some
might say that's not significant but
actually it's really important we do
know that Hamas has been hoping for more
now reading between the lines today I
think the message to Hamas was more or
less you're on your own for now and the
uh the leader of Hezbollah was at pains
to stress that the operation the attacks
that were carried out on the 7th of
October in which 1,400 Israelis were
killed he said that was a 100%
Palestinian operation carried out in
great secrecy and that other Palestinian
factions didn't even know a let alone
allies like Hezbollah or Iran so the
message was this was the doing of Hamas
in Gaza